Nowadays school students face a lot of pressure
The pressure that school students face is called academic pressure, an experience where pupils are burdened by the demands required to achieve specific educational goals. The cyclical pattern of continuously anticipating the next step in academia can be damaging. In this essay, I will address two major causes of this hot topic issue; namely, family expectations and the ambitious goals students set for themselves.
The primary cause that induces academic anxiety is family expectations. For instance, The Pacific Teen Treatment organization claims that around 77% of senior school Students are faced with pressure to achieve higher educational goals because of their parents. Parents often want the best for their kids and take a practical approach. Parents come up with a solution that simply places extra pressure on their kids to excel academically in school so that they would have better opportunities later in life, which has long-lasting and profound consequences. What we do know is that high academic tension can result in the opposite effect of causing pupils to perform poorly in their academics. Therefore, pressure from students' families to perform better in education is a major cause of students' overall academic anxiety.
Another cause that induces academic tension is the ambitious goals students set for themselves.  For example, it is highly common for young people to experience self-imposed academic pressure. Interestingly, the increasingly competitive nature of being accepted into a university is the primary cause that encourages ambitious soon-to-be-graduates to think that they are forced to adopt an approach of imposing higher education standards on themselves to get accepted into the university of their choice. While this can positively be the fundamental change that motivates students to take action and perform better, the opposite is also true. Ultimately, by imposing high pressure on themselves, school students end up harming their academic results. In short, the ambitious goals of students lead them to put extra pressure on themselves to achieve their educational goals. 
Overall, brought about by family expectations and self-imposed ambitious goals high academic pressure is a proliferating problem that students face. What I think is important is that society needs to take decisive action to make a fundamental change in ways they motivate school students that does not put so much pressure on them.
Truancy, or the act of skipping school without permission, has become an increasingly pressing issue in many schools. This essay will analyse the causes of truancy and potential solutions to address this problem. The main causes of truancy are academic-related factors and peer-related issues.
First, academic-related factors like lessons which do not seem to be useful for the pupils may encourage truancy as students would view them as useless. For instance, a soon-to-be-graduates may view subjects like ethics, psychology and P.E. as pointless, because they do not prepare them for the upcoming exams. Naturally, without knowing why those lessons may be useful students are encouraged to skip them.
Second, peer-related issues, such as bullying or social exclusion, can lead to truancy. For example, as stated by stopbullying.gov  nationwide, 19% of students in forms 9–12 report being bullied. Consequently, school students who are bullied may fear attending school and instead choose to skip class. Likewise, students who feel they do not fit in with their peers may be more likely to avoid school altogether.  
In short, truancy is caused by academic-related factors like seemingly useless lessons and peer-related issues such as bullying.
A couple of solutions for truancy are early-warning systems and education on why certain classes are useful.
The first solution for truancy is informing how certain lessons which do not help the soon-to-be graduates, to prepare for the exams are helpful in other ways. Informing why lessons like ethics are useful in improving the students’ character, pupils are discouraged to skip classes.  
Another solution for truancy is early-warning systems. Early-warning systems can help identify students who are at risk of truancy before they become chronic absentees. If schools monitor attendance data and reach out to at-risk students, they can provide additional support and resources to prevent chronic absenteeism.  
In conclusion, truancy is a complex issue that can be caused by various factors. By implementing early-warning systems and informing students on why certain are useful in other ways, schools can take proactive steps to address this problem and improve attendance rates. Addressing the causes of truancy is crucial to ensure that all students have access to quality education and the opportunity to succeed.  
All parents give pocket money to their offspring
Pocket money is an amount of cash that is allotted to teens by their parents. Some people are of the opinion that pocket money is overall bad for teenagers while others disagree. This essay will cover both the advantages and disadvantages of pocket money on teens’ financial literacy. 
One of the positive effects of pocket money on teenagers is the practical approach to teaching budgeting one of the core pillars of financial literacy. For example, by having some amount of cash given to them per week or month teens are forced to consider their expenses so they do not incur the far-reaching consequences of spending all their money too quickly.  Having gone through this experience, teens end up with improved financial literacy. Another positive effect of pocket money is financial independence. For instance, there is a clear difference between the financial literacy of teens who had financial independence and those who did not. A study done by the financial institute confirms that teenagers who experienced financial independence have an easier time managing their money in the future. Therefore, the advantages of pocket money on teens’ financial literacy are that it improves their budgeting skills and introduces them to the responsibilities of financial independence.
One of the "negative" effects of pocket money on teens’ literacy is that they will misunderstand the value of money. For example, by not having to work for their money teens may develop the viewpoint that money is easily acquired. Consequently, the profound consequence of this is that they may experience a system shock later on in life when they realise how much work goes into making money. Another negative effect of pocket money is induced impulsive spending. For instance, by having an essentially self-replenishing money supply teens are inclined to freely spend their money. Naturally, the self-apparent effect of this is that they end up indulging in heavy consumerism and buying tons of unneeded stuff. Thus, the disadvantage of pocket money on teens’ financial literacy is that they may misunderstand the value of money and pick up a nasty habit of impulsive spending.
Overall, pocket money has both advantages and disadvantages in how it affects teenagers’ financial literacy mainly how it affects their financial habits later on in life. What I think is important is that parents should make a fundamental change in how they view pocket money.